Paragraph we have chosen:
But a sober look at our world shows that the degree of human intervention, often in the service of business interests and consumerism, is actually making our earth less rich and beautiful, ever more limited and grey, even as technological advances and consumer goods continue to abound limitlessly. We seem to think that we can substitute an irreplaceable and irretrievable beauty with something which we have created ourselves.

Prepare a short, informal presentation for sharing with the class

Slide 1 (Amanda)
Title: Laudato Si
Commentary: ENCYCLICAL LETTER LAUDATO SI' OF THE HOLY FATHER FRANCIS ON CARE FOR OUR COMMON HOME
Pope Francis’ Encyclical Laudato Si is a worldwide wake up call to help humanity understand the destruction that man is rendering on the environment and mankind.
The encyclical implies a relationship of mutual responsibility between human beings and nature.  In general, we can take from the earth whatever we need, but it also our duty to protect the earth and to ensure it for future generations.

Slide 2 (Alexie)
Title: Big Data Ethical Concerns within Laudato Si
#1: Just because we can intervene by collecting data, should we?
Exerpt: "The degree of human intervention, often in the service of business interests and consumerism, is making our earth...more limited"
Commentary:
Obsession with big data and data analysis may be trying to limit life into numbers and statistics.
This begs the question, at what point do we stop trying to organize things into categories and accept intricacy without trying to simplify it

#2: Is artificial intelligence undermining the beauty of the human mind?
Exerpt: "We seem to think we can substitute an irreplaceable and irretrievable beauty with something which we have created ourselves"
Commentary:
We discussd in class computers like Watson diagnosing better than doctors can.  Is the human brain too intricate and irreplaceable for artificial intelligence, are we undermining the complexity of humans by trying to create machines that appear to think and act in a human way?

Slide 3 (Sam)
Title: Future Application
Commentary: Using Laudato Si as the foundation, we (students) are in a unique position where there has been tremendous damage to both the physical and social environment.  We have a responsibility to not just limit our own damages, but to do more because of past damages.  How we define that will be different with every person, but the idea is the same... to improve our evironment using the tools available (big data and AI?) to protect and restore its beauty.  
